us on the pier
Mutu center there
and here it is two
in most cars fleet
such a system stood m 3d 7
buy Tos data is transferred from the computer
by car
here we will have yes
it seems to be done
class wrote applications so
way to lead
I need to read the store man
Chevrolet Lacetti car
1 and 6 pen
without food the eighth year here
diagnostic connector
Here we set
of course the red shop caught fire
mean go
went power
I think not started
and we'll see
here's a bargain
percent
so just super
compound
light bulbs march
but we immediately see
percent
here we are adding gas
can compare the term
center which
which we have so
but small delays but it is clear
there are cases
on such a complex topic
tons
free version of the program
for half a year
but generally in principle on martin but
it is here and
specifications
who will be interested so that someone
find out later
but
but this is he start with speech
even before the start can all these
readings
and he on
percent
You can also add your own
Peak n but here is called screens
i.e. arrow scale graphs
compass
air condition of the capital
well yes there
Well, our beautiful car seems not
know how and count
I still want to eat here
digital display accelerometer
the struggle for ecology is unknown what else
it is
clippers
this
the very same phone that is, and pies
inside we don't need it
but let's say the graphics
mostly interface russian if you
swing but then it will be
basically he
i.e. english earlier
fuel residue
I do not know the position after the flap here
it is interesting
Tatarstan is big
that is, now I press on the gas
see how to change position
dick throttle is not visible
it is understandable to give a percentage of the final but now I
put the pedal to the floor
threw the flap opened in to write
10 percent
also probably can be found on the temperature
engine
interesting schedule will be
so temperature temperatures
daughter acceleration
it's clear that
highlight green in what can
read
You can read more on the Internet
voltage
sensor voltage on the gasoline pump
percentage also it is in operation that allows
read skoda if the check engine lights up
the panel will see the code that is
diagnostics you literally in the phone
but probably comfortable as what how
statistics carry for yourself and boredom
m but that's also interesting temperature
coolant
Well, in principle, it should probably grow
but bye
quite possibly up to fifty just not
moves because here if you look
need to
on youtube tula
there, too, appetites start
but in general you can see that
gradually she
rises
so let's show once again how it turned out
just call Spartak called
bargain
but mostly better for us
android
Here the device itself shows that it points
when blinking so long ago connected and
transmits information tusk
we are no
general metropolitan exposure
does not interfere with driving
bought set
but
I bought it know the site yes x.org
so called
what do we call 3 2 7
if problems encountered
this
when among the republics tous asked for a password
the right to the forum was written anything 1 2 3 4
or 6 7 8 9 we approached 6 7 8 9
small size
you can watch what wikipedia
cars from which years
has a usb connector standard connector
worth this thing
13 dollars of the help of 5 cents
It happens the same way with the interface which
connects the bullet itself computer cable
it can also be connected
computer many programs on the Internet
there is a public mouth
in Spain I'm all
very useful thing for
order to control your
car on this all thank you very much